This is a more modular attempt at a tcsh configuration.  I've tried to
bundle some good defaults, mechanisms for easy distribution via ssh to
multiple hosts, as well as an easy way to have os-specific configurations.
I've also tried to make sure the environment isn't unnecessarily polluted
after sourcing through all this.



---+ INSTALLATION

From the directory where you downloaded the tcshrc.d distribution, in the
.tcshrc.d directory, issue the following commands:


    Install the tcsh config into the current user's
    home directory:

            $ make install-home

    Install the tcsh config into the current system's
    /etc/skel directory, run as root:

            # make install-etcskel

    Run the tcshrc distribution script to copy your
    tcsh config to remote hosts:

            $ make dist

    Generate the perldoc list for accurate completions
    when using the perldoc command:

            $ make perldoc





(By default, $TCSHDIR is $HOME/.tcshrc/)


---+ Directory overview

Config files are sourced as follows:

$TCSHDIR/
  + Env/
    + common/
    + other os/
  + Paths
    + common
    + other os/
  + Set
    + common
    + other os/
  + Alias
    + common
    + other os/
  + Complete
    + common
    + other os/
  + Keys
    + common
    + other os/
  + Prompts
    + common
    + other os/
  + opt

Other supporting directories

$TCSHDIR/
  + bin/
  + etc/



---+ ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES

To add environment variables, in the $TCSHDIR/Env/ directory, create
files in the common/ directory, or in the directory of your desired OS.
These files will be sourced as normal tcsh.



---+ PATHS

The files in $TCSHDIR/Path/*/ directories are not sourced.  Instead, each
file is read for directory paths.  Non-directories will not be added to the
path.

The file $TCSHDIR/Path/.source is then sourced for other path related
environment variables like LD_LIBRARY_PATH.



---+ SET

The $TCSHDIR/Set/*/ directories are not always sourced.  Touching files
will set the corresponding option.  If the file $TCSHDIR/Set/*/autologout
exists, the autologout option will be set.  However, if the file is
non-zero in size, it will be sourced as normal tcsh.



---+ ALIAS

To add aliases, the files in the $TCSHDIR/Alias/*/ directories will be
sourced as normal tcsh.  Aliases are skipped for non-interactive shells.



---+ COMPLETE

To add commandline completions, the files in the $TCSHDIR/Complete/*/
directories will be sourced as normal tcsh.  Completions are skipped for
non-interactive shells.



---+ KEYS

To add key bindings, the files in the $TCSHDIR/Keys/*/ directories will
be sourced as normal tcsh.  Key bindings are skipped for non-interactive
shells.



---+ PROMPTS

To configure the tcsh prompts, the files in the $TCSHDIR/Prompts/*/
directories will be sourced as normal tcsh.  Prompt configs are skipped for
non-interactive shells.



---+ OPT

The files in $TCSHDIR/opt/ will be sourced as normal tcsh.



---+ DISTRIBUTION

To add to the list of distribution hosts, just touch files with names
corresponding to the hostnames of servers in the $TCSHDIR/etc/.disthosts/
directory.

The simplist way to distribute files to your hosts:

  $ cd ~/.tcshrc.d
  $ make dist

To more selectively distribute to a specific host:

  $ tcshrc.dist.sh -H user@otherhost.example.com

(The tcshrc.dist.sh script is a bit over-engineered.  Use -h to read the help.)




